Revise modular boost policy and clarify options which do no impact `package_id` (#15494)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/adding_packages/conanfile_attributes.md

   ```

   The `skip_test` configuration is supported by [CMake](https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/reference/build_helpers/cmake.html#test) and [Meson](https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/reference/build_helpers/meson.html#test).
 
 ### Removing from `package_id`
 

>  By default, option are include in the calculation for the `package_id` ([docs](https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/reference/conanfile/methods.html#package-id)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 By default, options are included in the calculation for the `package_id` ([docs](https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/reference/conanfile/methods.html#package-id)).
```

>  For options which do not impact the generated packages, for instance adding a `#define` for a package should be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Options which do not impact the generated packages should be deleted, for instance adding a `#define` for a package.
```
